chenA -- 2019-10-20 21:57
Created repository and created doc folder
Added design.pdf and devlog.txt to doc folder

chenA -- 2019-10-21 22:42
Updated design doc
Added roster to heading
Addes missing database table
Fixed site component diagram for clarity
Added components map to further show connection between front end and back end

chenA -- 2019-10-21 23:02
SQLITE INNER JOIN
The INNER JOIN clause in SQLITE is used to query two or more tables that share
the same column. If the values in the columns are the same, then a new set is
created with the selected columns to join on the outside and the same column in
between, hence the name INNER JOIN.

This can be helpful in our project to link our different tables in out database.
We can use INNER JOIN to create a set of rows that contains edits for a
particular story. This would help with out modify stories method.

chenA -- 2019-10-21 23:24
Programming Sucks
The article was an interesting read about why programming sucks. It sheds light
on the idea that programming teams, in all honesty, should not work out but
somehow manage to create all the software and websites we use every day.
Somehow, teams composed of all types of people that do not work well together
managed to create a workable product. Moreover, it describes how through the
process of writing a program, your initial “good code” will become messier and
messier as you figure out what your suppose to be writing, adding all sorts of
components, and merging code with others. It goes on to give examples of how
everything you’ve created can just break one day because of the work of one
person who changed a little thing and that the internet is a mess of bad code
with people barely keeping everything up and running.

What we can do:
-COMMUNICATION: a constant stream of updates, reminders, can clarification would
                create less problems throughout the course of the project.
-SETTING GOALS: having small goals to reach would make it easier to figure out
                what needs to be done foe this project
-USING COMMENTS: adding comments to the code would make it easier for the other
                team members to understand each others code
